fix(SEO): Add SEO descriptions to English source docs (#4997)
QwenLM/qwen-code: docs/design/adaptive-output-token-escalation/adaptive-output-token-escalation-design.md

---

> description: "Optimize Qwen Code output tokens with Adaptive Escalation. Reduce GPU costs by 4x using low default + escalation strategy for smarter token management."

Reviewer: Slight over-claim: the design reduces GPU slot *over-reservation* by ~4x, which isn't the same as "reduce GPU costs by 4x".

```suggestion
description: "Optimize Qwen Code output tokens with Adaptive Escalation. Cut GPU slot over-reservation ~4x with a low default + escalate-on-truncation strategy."
```
